README.md, before:

# SendinBlue Ruby Library

This is the SendinBlue Ruby library. It implements the various exposed APIs that you can read more about on https://apidocs.sendinblue.com.

SendinBlue API's use HTTP Authentication through an api key. You can create your api key from [API Console](https://my.sendinblue.com/advanced/apikey), after you sign up for an account with SendinBlue. You must use latest version 2.0, access key, for accessing APIs.


## Quickstart Guide

Learn how to send email campaigns from your application using SendinBlue API.

You must sign up for SendinBlue account for using APIs. All our APIs require HTTP authentication using access key, which are accessible from your [API Console](https://my.sendinblue.com/advanced/apikey).

The following guides give you a start and understanding of how to use our API.

 * [Get all your campaigns](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/how-to-get-all-you-campaigns/)
 * [Send transactional emails](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/tutorial-sending-transactional-email/)
 * [Setup your webhooks](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/how-to-setup-webhooks/)


## Support and Feedback

Be sure to visit the SendinBlue official [documentation website](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com) for additional information about our API.

If you find a bug, please submit the issue in [Github directly](https://github.com/mailin-api/mailin-api-php/issues). 

As always, if you need additional assistance, drop us a note [here](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/support/).

Commit message:

Add a note about v3 repo and doc links

README.md, after:

# SendinBlue Ruby Library

> **Note:** The latest **API V3.0** ( LTS ) is now maintained at <code>https://github.com/sendinblue/</code> and the Documentation is available here <code>https://developers.sendinblue.com</code>

This is the SendinBlue Ruby library. It implements the various exposed APIs that you can read more about on https://apidocs.sendinblue.com.

SendinBlue API's use HTTP Authentication through an api key. You can create your api key from [API Console](https://my.sendinblue.com/advanced/apikey), after you sign up for an account with SendinBlue. You must use latest version 2.0, access key, for accessing APIs.


## Quickstart Guide

Learn how to send email campaigns from your application using SendinBlue API.

You must sign up for SendinBlue account for using APIs. All our APIs require HTTP authentication using access key, which are accessible from your [API Console](https://my.sendinblue.com/advanced/apikey).

The following guides give you a start and understanding of how to use our API.

 * [Get all your campaigns](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/how-to-get-all-you-campaigns/)
 * [Send transactional emails](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/tutorial-sending-transactional-email/)
 * [Setup your webhooks](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/how-to-setup-webhooks/)


## Support and Feedback

Be sure to visit the SendinBlue official [documentation website](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com) for additional information about our API.

If you find a bug, please submit the issue in [Github directly](https://github.com/mailin-api/mailin-api-php/issues). 

As always, if you need additional assistance, drop us a note [here](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/support/).
