V2.0/README.md, before:

# SendinBlue Ruby Library

This is the official SendinBlue Ruby API wrapper. You will need to install the following module
* json
* httparty

## Quickstart

1. You will need to first get the Access key from [SendinBlue](https://www.sendinblue.com).

2. Assuming that you have cloned this git repo. You can use this small sample script to get started
```ruby
require './mailin.rb'
m = Mailin.new("https://api.sendinblue.com/v2.0","your access key")
data = { "type"=>"classic",
	"status"=>"queued",
	"page"=>1,
	"page_limit"=>10
}

result = m.get_campaigns_v2(data)
puts result
```
3. To explore more, you should visit the [SendinBlue API documentation](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com).

## Available functions

List of API calls that you can make, you can click to read more about it. Please do note that the order of parameters are important.

### Campaign calls

 * [get_account](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/account/#1)() - Get your account information
 * [get_smtp_details](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/account/#7)() - Get your SMTP account information
 * [create_child_account](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/account/#2)(data) - Create a Reseller child account
 * [update_child_account](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/account/#3)(data) - Update a Reseller child account
 * [delete_child_account](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/account/#4)(data) - Delete a Reseller child account
 * [get_reseller_child](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/account/#5)(data) - Get Reseller child accounts
 * [add_remove_child_credits](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/account/#6)(data) - Add/Remove Reseller child credits
 * [get_campaigns_v2](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/campaign/#1)(data) - Get list of all campaigns or of specific type or status or both
 * [get_campaign_v2](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/campaign/#1)(data) - Get specific campaign object
 * [create_campaign](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/campaign/#2)(data) - Create a campaign
 * [delete_campaign](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/campaign/#3)(data) - Delete a campaign
 * [update_campaign](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/campaign/#4)(data) - Update campaign information
 * [campaign_report_email](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/campaign/#5)(data) - Sending reports to specific emails
 * [campaign_recipients_export](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/campaign/#6)(data) - Export recipients of a campaign
 * [send_bat_email](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/campaign/#7)(data) - Send a test Email (bat)
 * [create_trigger_campaign](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/campaign/#8)(data) - Create a trigger campaign
 * [update_trigger_campaign](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/campaign/#9)(data) - Update trigger campaign information
 * [share_campaign](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/campaign/#10)(data) - Get campaign share link
 * [update_campaign_status](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/campaign/#11)(data) - Modify a campaign status
 * [get_folders](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/folder/#1)(data) - Get list of all the folder details.
 * [get_folder](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/folder/#2)(data) - Get all the folder details for folder with id <id>
 * [create_folder](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/folder/#3)(data) - Create a folder
 * [delete_folder](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/folder/#4)(data) - Delete folder with folder id <id>
 * [update_folder](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/folder/#5)(data) - Update folder with folder id <id>
 * [get_lists](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/list/#1)(data) - Get all the lists
 * [get_list](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/list/#2)(data) - Get information about a list
 * [create_list](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/list/#3)(data) - Create a list
 * [delete_list](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/list/#4)(data) - Delete a list
 * [update_list](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/list/#5)(data) - Updating a list
 * [display_list_users](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/list/#8)(data) - Display details of all users for the given lists
 * [add_users_list](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/list/#6)(data) - Add users to a list
 * [delete_users_list](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/list/#7)(data) - Delete users from a list
 * [get_attributes](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/attribute/#1)() - Listing all attributes
 * [get_attribute](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/attribute/#2)(data) - Listing a certain type attributes
 * [create_attribute](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/attribute/#3)(data) - Creating attributes
 * [delete_attribute](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/attribute/#4)(data) - Deleting attributes of the given type
 * [get_user](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/user/#2)(data) - Get information about a user/email
 * [create_update_user](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/user/#1)(data) - Create/Update a user information
 * [delete_user](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/user/#3)(data) - Deleting user from db is not permitted but this action will unlink him from all lists
 * [import_users](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/user/#4)(data) - Import users/emails
 * [export_users](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/user/#5)(data) - Export users/emails
 * [get_processes](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/process/#1)(data) - Get information about all background processes
 * [get_process](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/process/#2)(data) - Get information about a specific process
 * [get_senders](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/sender-management/#1)(data) - Get information about all/specific senders
 * [create_sender](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/sender-management/#2)(data) - Create a sender
 * [delete_sender](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/sender-management/#3)(data) - Delete a sender
 * [update_sender](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/sender-management/#4)(data) - Update a sender

### SMTP calls

 * [get_report](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/report/)(data) - Retrieve information for all report events
 * [get_statistics](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/statistics/)(data) - Get aggregate statistics about emails sent
 * [get_webhooks](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/webhooks/#1)(data) - Get list of all registered webhooks or of specific type
 * [get_webhook](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/webhooks/#2)(data) - Get information about a webhook
 * [create_webhook](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/webhooks/#3)(data) - Registering a webhook
 * [delete_webhook](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/webhooks/#5)(data) - Deleting a webhook
 * [update_webhook](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/webhooks/#4)(data) - Editing a webhook
 * [delete_bounces](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/bounces/)(data) - Deleting bounces
 * [send_email](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/tutorial-sending-transactional-email/)(data) - Sending out a transactional email
 * [send_transactional_template](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/template/)(data) - Send templates created on SendinBlue, through SendinBlue smtp.
 * [create_template](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/template/#2)(data) - Create a template 
 * [update_template](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/template/#3)(data) - Update template information

### SMS call

 * [send_sms](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/mailin-sms/#1)(data) - Sending a SMS
 * [create_sms_campaign](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/mailin-sms/#2)(data) - Create a SMS campaign
 * [update_sms_campaign](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/mailin-sms/#3)(data) - Update a SMS campaign
 * [send_bat_sms](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/mailin-sms/#4)(data) - Send a test SMS campaign

Commit message:

API-38: Added default timeout of 30 secs

V2.0/README.md, after:

# SendinBlue Ruby Library

This is the official SendinBlue Ruby API wrapper. You will need to install the following module
* json
* httparty

## Quickstart

1. You will need to first get the Access key from [SendinBlue](https://www.sendinblue.com).

2. Our library supports a timeout value, default is 30 Secs, which you can pass as 3rd parameter in Mailin class Object.

3. Assuming that you have cloned this git repo. You can use this small sample script to get started
```ruby
require './mailin.rb'
m = Mailin.new("https://api.sendinblue.com/v2.0","your access key",5)	#Optional parameter: Timeout in Secs
data = { "type"=>"classic",
	"status"=>"queued",
	"page"=>1,
	"page_limit"=>10
}

result = m.get_campaigns_v2(data)
puts result
```
4. To explore more, you should visit the [SendinBlue API documentation](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com).

## Available functions

List of API calls that you can make, you can click to read more about it. Please do note that the order of parameters are important.

### Campaign calls

 * [get_account](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/account/#1)() - Get your account information
 * [get_smtp_details](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/account/#7)() - Get your SMTP account information
 * [create_child_account](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/account/#2)(data) - Create a Reseller child account
 * [update_child_account](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/account/#3)(data) - Update a Reseller child account
 * [delete_child_account](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/account/#4)(data) - Delete a Reseller child account
 * [get_reseller_child](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/account/#5)(data) - Get Reseller child accounts
 * [add_remove_child_credits](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/account/#6)(data) - Add/Remove Reseller child credits
 * [get_campaigns_v2](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/campaign/#1)(data) - Get list of all campaigns or of specific type or status or both
 * [get_campaign_v2](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/campaign/#1)(data) - Get specific campaign object
 * [create_campaign](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/campaign/#2)(data) - Create a campaign
 * [delete_campaign](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/campaign/#3)(data) - Delete a campaign
 * [update_campaign](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/campaign/#4)(data) - Update campaign information
 * [campaign_report_email](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/campaign/#5)(data) - Sending reports to specific emails
 * [campaign_recipients_export](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/campaign/#6)(data) - Export recipients of a campaign
 * [send_bat_email](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/campaign/#7)(data) - Send a test Email (bat)
 * [create_trigger_campaign](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/campaign/#8)(data) - Create a trigger campaign
 * [update_trigger_campaign](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/campaign/#9)(data) - Update trigger campaign information
 * [share_campaign](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/campaign/#10)(data) - Get campaign share link
 * [update_campaign_status](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/campaign/#11)(data) - Modify a campaign status
 * [get_folders](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/folder/#1)(data) - Get list of all the folder details.
 * [get_folder](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/folder/#2)(data) - Get all the folder details for folder with id <id>
 * [create_folder](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/folder/#3)(data) - Create a folder
 * [delete_folder](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/folder/#4)(data) - Delete folder with folder id <id>
 * [update_folder](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/folder/#5)(data) - Update folder with folder id <id>
 * [get_lists](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/list/#1)(data) - Get all the lists
 * [get_list](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/list/#2)(data) - Get information about a list
 * [create_list](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/list/#3)(data) - Create a list
 * [delete_list](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/list/#4)(data) - Delete a list
 * [update_list](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/list/#5)(data) - Updating a list
 * [display_list_users](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/list/#8)(data) - Display details of all users for the given lists
 * [add_users_list](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/list/#6)(data) - Add users to a list
 * [delete_users_list](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/list/#7)(data) - Delete users from a list
 * [get_attributes](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/attribute/#1)() - Listing all attributes
 * [get_attribute](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/attribute/#2)(data) - Listing a certain type attributes
 * [create_attribute](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/attribute/#3)(data) - Creating attributes
 * [delete_attribute](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/attribute/#4)(data) - Deleting attributes of the given type
 * [get_user](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/user/#2)(data) - Get information about a user/email
 * [create_update_user](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/user/#1)(data) - Create/Update a user information
 * [delete_user](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/user/#3)(data) - Deleting user from db is not permitted but this action will unlink him from all lists
 * [import_users](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/user/#4)(data) - Import users/emails
 * [export_users](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/user/#5)(data) - Export users/emails
 * [get_processes](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/process/#1)(data) - Get information about all background processes
 * [get_process](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/process/#2)(data) - Get information about a specific process
 * [get_senders](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/sender-management/#1)(data) - Get information about all/specific senders
 * [create_sender](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/sender-management/#2)(data) - Create a sender
 * [delete_sender](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/sender-management/#3)(data) - Delete a sender
 * [update_sender](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/sender-management/#4)(data) - Update a sender

### SMTP calls

 * [get_report](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/report/)(data) - Retrieve information for all report events
 * [get_statistics](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/statistics/)(data) - Get aggregate statistics about emails sent
 * [get_webhooks](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/webhooks/#1)(data) - Get list of all registered webhooks or of specific type
 * [get_webhook](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/webhooks/#2)(data) - Get information about a webhook
 * [create_webhook](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/webhooks/#3)(data) - Registering a webhook
 * [delete_webhook](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/webhooks/#5)(data) - Deleting a webhook
 * [update_webhook](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/webhooks/#4)(data) - Editing a webhook
 * [delete_bounces](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/bounces/)(data) - Deleting bounces
 * [send_email](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/tutorial-sending-transactional-email/)(data) - Sending out a transactional email
 * [send_transactional_template](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/template/)(data) - Send templates created on SendinBlue, through SendinBlue smtp.
 * [create_template](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/template/#2)(data) - Create a template 
 * [update_template](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/template/#3)(data) - Update template information

### SMS call

 * [send_sms](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/mailin-sms/#1)(data) - Sending a SMS
 * [create_sms_campaign](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/mailin-sms/#2)(data) - Create a SMS campaign
 * [update_sms_campaign](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/mailin-sms/#3)(data) - Update a SMS campaign
 * [send_bat_sms](https://apidocs.sendinblue.com/mailin-sms/#4)(data) - Send a test SMS campaign
